# Terms and Conditions

These Terms and Conditions ("Terms") govern your use of the Eventee website and
mobile applications (collectively, the "Service") provided by Eventee ("we",
"us", or "our"). By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by
these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Service.

## Use of Service

You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service. By using the Service, you
represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years old. If you are under 13
years old, you may not use the Service.

You agree to use the Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with
these Terms. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
account credentials and for all activities that occur under your account.

## Intellectual Property

The Service and its original content, features, and functionality are owned by
Eventee and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade
secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

You may not modify, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly
display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the
material on our Service, except as necessary for your own personal,
non-commercial use.

## User Content

You may submit content to the Service, including but not limited to text,
images, videos, and other materials ("User Content"). By submitting User
Content, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable,
and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works
of, display, and perform the User Content in connection with the Service.

You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary rights, licenses,
consents, and permissions to submit User Content and grant the above license.

## Limitation of Liability

In no event shall Eventee, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents,
suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special,
consequential, or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of
profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i)
your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any
conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained
from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your
transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including
negligence), or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of
the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found
to have failed of its essential purpose.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of [Your
Jurisdiction], without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

## Changes to Terms

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 30 days' notice
prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be
determined at our sole discretion.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at
[contact@eventee.com](mailto:contact@eventee.com).

**Last Updated: [Insert Date]**
